# CEI Wrapper

> This library is a NodeJS wrapper that expose an modern API for [CEI](https://www.investidor.b3.com.br/nova-area-logada) service.

The project exploits CEI's "New Logon Area" which now has a captcha for login 🙄
CeiWrapper has integration with the [anti-captcha](https://anti-captcha.com) to solve the problem (If there is a need in the future we can implement support for similar services like [2captcha](https://2captcha.com/)) 

**Please keep in mind that this is a work in progress. Pull requests welcome!**

## Features

- Use the new CEI's API.
- Support anti-captcha to solve login.
- Written in TypeScript.
- Easy to use with an elegant API.

## How to works

To instantiate CeiWrapper we need an authentication context, something like this

```js
const authenticateContext = {
  cacheId: "f8f7cac9-5b99-4160-94ae-eddd5dd2218",
  token: "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJSb2xlIjoiZmFr....",
};
```

To achieve this we can use the static `authenticateUser` method

```js
const authenticateContext = await CeiWrapper.authenticateUser({
  anticaptchaServiceKey: "Your Key",
  username: "CEI's User",
  password: "CEI's Pass",
});
```
This is useful because the token generated by CEI has a lifetime of about 1h, so we can store these credentials in Redis or any other caching asset for example and be able to make several calls without having to authenticate again (and saving the cost of resolving the captcha) 🎉

With the credentials in hand we can begin the work

```js
const ceiWrapper = new CeiWrapper(authenticateContext);

const result = await ceiWrapper.getConsolidatedValues();
```

All methods use a standardized response for both success and error. e.g.

```js
ResultError {
  isError: true;
  status: 0;
  errorMessage: "Error Message";
}
```
```js
ResultSuccess {
  isError: false,
  status: 1,
  data: <data_from_CEI>
}
```
you can see a complete example [here](scripts/demo.ts)

## Documentation

### getConsolidatedValues()

Returns the consolidated investments in a total amount and divided into subcategories

ResultSuccess.data:
```js
{
  "total": "1000.50",
  "values": [
    {
      "product": "Renda Variável",
      "totalAmount": "600.54",
      "percentage": "0.607"
    },
    {
      "product": "Tesouro Direto",
      "totalAmount": "300.92",
      "percentage": "0.393"
    }
  ]
}
```
New methods are coming...

## Autor

Made by [Michael Santillán (Mike)](https://michaelsantillan.com/) 👋🏽 Say Hi!

## License

MIT Licensed. Copyright (c) Michael Santillán 2021.


